CLI: Get storage-specific values from plugin (#1209)
ros2/rosbag2: docs/storage_plugin_development.md

Plugins are recommended to document the expected format of this file so that users can write well-formatted configurations.

### Extending CLI from a storage plugin

Commandline arguments can be a much more convenient way to expose configuration to users than writing out a file.
The `ros2bag` package, which creates the `ros2 bag` command, provides an entrypoint for plugins to extend the CLI.

All a package needs to do is expose a Python setuptools entrypoint to the group `ros2bag.storage_plugin_cli_extension`, with an entrypoint keyed by the name of the storage plugin. For example, here is `setup.cfg` from `rosbag2_storage_mcap`:

```
[options.entry_points]
ros2bag.storage_plugin_cli_extension =
  mcap = ros2bag_mcap_cli
```

This registers an entrypoint in group `ros2bag.storage_plugin_cli_extension`, for the plugin named `mcap`, that is implemented by a Python module called `rosbag2_mcap_cli`.

The exposed entrypoint can be installed as a Python module by any method, for example via `ament_cmake_python`'s `ament_python_install_package` macro, or by having a pure-python `ament_python` package with a `setup.py`.

> The functions this entrypoint may provide:

Reviewer: would be good to include what happens by default if this entrypoint exists but does not expose any functions.

> * `get_preset_profiles(): List[str]` - provide a list of names of preset profiles for writing storage files. The first item will be used as default, consider making this 'none'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `get_preset_profiles(): List[str]` - provide a list of names of preset profiles for writing storage files. The first item will be used as default. Consider returning `'none'` as the first element.
```

> NOTE: For each of these lists, the string literal 'none' will be used to indicate the feature is disable/not used.

Reviewer: add an extra newline here for the HTML to render a line break.
